HaSeul : Hello, Dongeul~!
*Dongeul means 'round' or 'circle' in English
HaSeul : I think YeoJin is must be in here...
HaSeul : How are you, Dongeul~!?
HaSeul is always thinking YeoJin wherever she goes
HaSeul : When YeoJin looks at us, she would be like
HaSeul : ‘Hi, welcome~'
HaSeul : (That one) YEOJIN!!!
HaSeul :YEOJIN!!!
HaSeul : YeoJin~
HaSeul : What are you doing~~?
HaSeul : I’m not with you now, but that doesn’t mean you can eat anything weird!
HaSeul : I hope you grow well~
HaSeul : It’s too quiet without you~
HyunJin : You seem like a grandmother~
HaSeul : HyunJin, say anything to YeoJin!
HyunJin : ...
HyunJin : ^_<
HyunJin : 0_0
HaSeul : Can you speak with your eyes?
HyunJin : I think YeoJin can understand what I said!
HaSeul : YeoJin, Dangle Dongle~
HaSeul : I’ve been trying to make her practice!
HaSeul : That's my role
HaSeul : YeoJin’s favorite member is me!
HaSeul : Hey YeoJin, are you watching now!?
HaSeul : You can’t never beat me~!